Added documentation for the Sector Alarm integration (#10769)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sectoralarm.markdown

---
title: "Sector Alarm"
description: "Instructions on how to integrate Sector Alarm within Home Assistant."
ha_category:
  - Alarm
  - Sensor
ha_release: 0.101
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
---

The `Sector Alarm` component adds all of your temperature sensors and a panel that lets you control your alarm from Home Assistant.

> This has currencly only been testet on norwegian installations, but it should work for other countries as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has currently only been tested on Norwegian installations, but it should work for other countries as well.
```

## Configuration

> Go to [minside.sectoralarm.no/](https://minside.sectoralarm.no/) and login to find your panel id. After you login it should be a part of the URL. Example: https://minside.sectoralarm.no/#!/systems/**012345678**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [minside.sectoralarm.no/](https://minside.sectoralarm.no/) and login to find your panel id. After you log in, it should be a part of the URL. Example: https://minside.sectoralarm.no/#!/systems/**012345678**
```
